Update release pipelines (#2079)
tektoncd/dashboard: tekton/README.md

These tasks run on your local cluster, and then copy the release artifacts - docker images and yaml files - into [the `tekton releases` bucket in Google Cloud Platform](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/tekton-releases/dashboard). Your cluster must contain keys from a Google account with the necessary authorization in order for this to work.

## Create an official release

To create an official release, follow the steps in the [release-cheat-sheet](./release-cheat-sheet.md)

--- 

> ## Setup full release pipleline (for clusters other than Tektocd dofooding clusters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup full release pipeline (for clusters other than TektonCD dogfooding cluster)
```

> To setup release setup from scratch and run a release on a clusters other than TektonCD dogfodding cluster, follow [release-full-setup.md](./release-full-setup.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup release setup from scratch and run a release on a cluster other than TektonCD dogfooding cluster, follow [release-full-setup.md](./release-full-setup.md)
```
